File containing a Map schema without explicitly required key (#47)
apache/parquet-testing: data/README.md

| float16_zeros_and_nans.parquet    | Float16 (logical type) column with NaNs and zeros as min/max values. . See [note](#float16-files) below |
| concatenated_gzip_members.parquet     | 513 UINT64 numbers compressed using 2 concatenated gzip members in a single data page |
| byte_stream_split.zstd.parquet | Standard normals with `BYTE_STREAM_SPLIT` encoding. See [note](#byte-stream-split) below |

> | hive-map-schema.parquet | Contains a Map schema without explicitly required keys, produced by Presto. See [note](#hive-map-schema) |

Reviewer: Instead of "hive", can we name this e.g. "incorrect_map_schema.parquet"?

`BYTE_STREAM_SPLIT`-encoded column and compare the decoded values against
the values from the corresponding `PLAIN`-encoded column. The values should
be equal.

> ## Hive Map Schema

Reviewer: Why "Hive"?

Author: This was due to schema being labeled with `message hive_schema {...`, but if anyone's searching for this keyword, they should find it below. I'll rename this section to match the filename.

> A number of producers, such as Presto/Trino/Athena, create files with schemas where the Map fields are not explicitly marked as required. An optional key is not possible according to the Parquet spec, but the schema is getting created this way. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number of producers, such as Presto/Trino/Athena, used create files with schemas
where the Map key fields are marked as optional rather than required.
This is not spec-compliant, yet appears in a number of existing data files in the wild.
```

This issue has been fixed in:
- [Trino v386+](https://github.com/trinodb/trino/commit/3247bd2e64d7422bd13e805cd67cfca3fa8ba520) 
- [Presto v0.274+](https://github.com/prestodb/presto/commit/842b46972c11534a7729d0a18e3abc5347922d1a)  

Of course it will take some time for all new files to be produced with these fixes, and the amount of existing data out there remains.

> We can recreate these problematic files for testing [arrow-rs #5630](https://github.com/apache/arrow-rs/pull/5630) with relevant Presto/Trino CLI, or with AWS Athena Console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can recreate these problematic files for testing [arrow-rs #5630](https://github.com/apache/arrow-rs/pull/5630)
with relevant Presto/Trino CLI, or with AWS Athena Console:
```
